### Getting Insights into Quantum Chemical Relations 

The goal of this of the project is to extract quantum-chemical insights from a dataset of molecules. We will focus on the problem of understanding the relation between the geometry of a molecule and its electronic properties. 
Such understanding enables the principled design of new molecules (e.g. potentially facilitating the design of new drugs or materials). For the purpose of this project part, in particular, to ensure that the experiments can be carried out easily, 
we will consider a reduced scenario where the data consists of small molecules, and we will limit ourselves to a specific electronic property, the atomization energy. The atomization energy of a molecule is the energy generated by dissociating 
all atoms from the molecule, i.e. moving atoms far apart so that the bonds between atoms are broken. Because it consumes energy to break these bonds, the atomization energy is typically a negative quantity.

Unlike most real-world data, quantum chemical data does not need to be acquired through physical observation. There exists many physics-based computational methods to calculate the atomization energy
associated to a given molecular structure (the atoms positions). These physics-based calculations, al- though computationally expensive, deliver very accurate results. However, the sequence of computations these physics-based methods perform is intrincate and does not allow for extracting an interpretation of
the chemical relation of interest, for example, what substructures in the molecule, e.g. atoms, bonds or chemical groups, can be associated to low or high atomization energy.
The purpose of using a ML approach is therefore not only to provide a computationally effective way of predicting the chemical relation of interest but also to identify what is needed in the molecular structure
to be able to predict, and, using Explainable AI, what exact substructures are being used for prediction.
